Entity - An object we want to model & store information about
  

Attribute - specific piece of information about an entity
  

Primary key - An attribute that uniquely identifies an entity in the database table
Which is underlined
  

Composite Attribute - An attribute can be broken up into sub attribute.
  
        
















Multi value attribute - An attribute that can have more than one value
  

Derived attribute - An attribute that can be derived from the other attribute
  

has_honers  which not going to be noted by ours, so that as to me






Multiple Entities - you can define more than one entity in the diagram
  



Relationship 


(partial participation) Single line  = Not all students need to take a class.(means only some of the students have to take a class).
(total participation) Double line =  All of the classes need to be taken by a  at least a single student.  
In other words all classes need to have a student taking the class.




Relationship attribute:
  

When the student take the class will get a particular grade for that class, but the grade isn’t necessarily stored on the student entity, it only stored in the relationship


But if take the class i get the grade


Relationship Cardinality 


M - A one student can take many classes like (2 or 3 classes).
N - In one class they many students.
  

1:1  is to that a student can take one class and one class take one student
1:N is that a student can take one class and a class can take many students.


Weak entity
  



Weak entity is relay or depend on the another entity


Like we need to take a exam_id without the class, because, if a student takes a classes, they will get to through the exam, so that we only get the exam_id,
For exam to exist it has to be associated with the class it like a abstract data


Marked a double line of rectangle, square mark us weakly identified.
Weak entity has total participation with weakly identify


Like all exam must have class, not the exam without class
Designing database schema


Storage requirement and the actual database schema to get implement in the database management system


Business requirement to actual database requirement




Document into database schema
  







  

  



It has total participation so that every branch need a employee and every employee need a branch


1:N


1-Employee can work for one branch at a time,
N-A branch can have multiple employees


  



Total participation - every manges need all branch
Partial participation - any one of the employees can be the manager for the branch, not all employee need to manage the branch


1:1 an branch can be manage by the one employee
And also employee can manage the branch




  



  

1 - employee supervise  can have only one supervisor
N - employee supervisor can have n of supervisee.
1: N (One supervisee can have only one supervisor, but one supervisor can have n of supervisee)
  



Total participation - a client will need a  branch compulsory
Partial participation - a branch have or not have a client
1: N a branch can have n number of client
But a client can have 1 branch  


Total participation - client must have employee
Partial participation - employee can have or not the client


  



Weak entity and Identifying relationship that means in depend on other entity
Total participation - all branch supplier must have a branch
Parietal participation - a branch must have or not a branch supplier


N:M a branch supplier can have n number of branches.
M a branch supplier can have a number of branch suppliers.